README.md, before:

## Association of Afghan SIVs
This repository contains the first website I have built. I have made this website for a group of Afghan immigrants who came to the US via Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) program. The document templates on this website will help those  who are eligible for the SIV program and have difficulties preparing their application packages. I also have a Facebook page with more than 17 thousand member to help this group of Afghan immigrants.




## The Data for the Chart:
I got the data for the chart from the Refugee Processing Center (RPC) website. 

## How to Update the Chart?
To update the chart with the new data, follow these steps:
1. Get the data from the RPC website for the new months;
2. Open the app.js file;
3. Under the data property, add the new month(s) as a label after the existig lables; and
4. Under the datasets property, add the new data point(s) after the existing data points.

## How to Modify the Chart?
To modify the line chart for your own project, follow these steps:
1. From the index.html, get the canvas tag and put it in the body of your html file;
2. Again from the index.html, get the two scripts that are located before the closing body tag and put them in your html file;
3. Get the app.js file and put in your project folder; and
4. Modify the label and datasets properties in the app.js file to as per your need.
5. You can also modify the colors on the chart from the borderColor and pointHoverBackgroundColor properties.
6. Additionally, you can add more properties to the chart if you need.

Commit message:

Add view instructions to the README file.

README.md, after:

## Association of Afghan SIVs
This repository contains the first website I have built. I have made this website for a group of Afghan immigrants who came to the US via Special Immigrant Visa (SIV) program. The document templates on this website will help those  who are eligible for the SIV program and have difficulties preparing their application packages. I also have a Facebook page with more than 17 thousand member to help this group of Afghan immigrants.


## How to View the Website?
To view the finished project, double click on the index.html file.

## The Data for the Chart:
I got the data for the chart from the Refugee Processing Center (RPC) website. 

## How to Update the Chart?
To update the chart with the new data, follow these steps:
1. Get the data from the RPC website for the new months;
2. Open the app.js file;
3. Under the data property, add the new month(s) as a label after the existig lables; and
4. Under the datasets property, add the new data point(s) after the existing data points.

## How to Modify the Chart?
To modify the line chart for your own project, follow these steps:
1. From the index.html, get the canvas tag and put it in the body of your html file;
2. Again from the index.html, get the two scripts that are located before the closing body tag and put them in your html file;
3. Get the app.js file and put in your project folder; and
4. Modify the label and datasets properties in the app.js file to as per your need.
5. You can also modify the colors on the chart from the borderColor and pointHoverBackgroundColor properties.
6. Additionally, you can add more properties to the chart if you need.
